In Sarnath, he gives the teaching, so tomorrow is that day, the Buddha gives the process teaching.
Teaching is concentrating on his enlightenment, or the result of his enlightenment.
When you get enlightened, you become Buddha, and then his realisation, his knowledge and experience
begin to share to the others.
That is really teaching, so it is, as we all know, teaching is allowed, kind in the completion,
how to make ourselves stronger and make beneficial to ourselves, all of that.
So that is really, tomorrow, according to very basic, and that is considered a very special day.
So that's it, and so according to a kind of normal schedule level, I think Buddha is just
approaching Varanasi tonight.
[Laughter]
And tomorrow he is going to walk in Sarnath.
And he will meet his disciples first, and they are also a little bit grumpy.
Grumpy, and the family says, "Oh, we are not going to accept him, we are not going to do this and
that."
But Buddha came foremost to see them, and also could give the teaching at Sarnath.
So all that big history, things are happening today and tomorrow, so tomorrow is actually the day
that we are going to be looking at.
So we do the celebrations after the morning, after the morning, after the afternoon, after the
afternoon.
Thank you, everyone.